### **API.md: API design and swagger definitions**

Our system consists of three service which are responsible for authentication, persistence and management of their corresponding objects. The users service is reponsible for sign up and authentication of student and ta coordinator accounts. The applications service is responsible for all student applications opperations. Lastly the TA coordinators service is reponsible for all postings, courses, and assignments opperations.

Below are links to the Swagger Open API JSON definitions for each service along with brief descriptions:

The Users services exposes endpoints for both students and ta coordinators to sign up and login. The ta coordinator sign up requires a one time sign up key which can only be generated by other ta coordinators. This service also exposes endpoints for the management of the ta coordinator sign up keys.

[Users Service API](./users_service_swagger.json)

The Applications service exposes endpoints for the management and reading of all student applications. This service will also ensure that students can only read and write to their own applications by using token types. This service allows ta coordinators to finely filter applications based on an extensive list of parametes to support all use canses.

[Applicants Service API](./applicants_service_swagger.json)

The TA Coordinators service exposes endpoits for the management of postings, assignments, and courses. Only a few appropriate opperations in this service are available to students such as reading postings. This service will also be responsible to backfill it's data with courses currently offered at the university.

[TA Coordinators Service API](./ta_coord_service.json)
