Collaborate.md

**Team Dynamic**

Competencies: All team members have some background in web development. We’ve all worked with each other in the past on big projects. We know how each team member works best. We have members with a strong backend and frontend knowledge. They will be team lead in those groups. 

Constraint: Two members are on PEY therefore, we cannot meet during the day. However, we plan on meeting in the evenings. We plan on using React for the frontend. However, some members don’t have experience with React. Therefore, there will be a learning curve for some.

**Meetings**

When: February 8th 2017 @5pm

Where: Bahen

Who: Everyone

Meeting minutes/notes:

* Group members met

* What to do for next meeting (read through handout)

* Have an idea what each member wants to work on the project

The main focus of the meeting was to meet the group members and discuss what needs to be done for P1. We decided to meet again once everyone read through the handout and knew what they wanted to do for the project. 

When: February 10th 2017 @5pm

Where: Bahen

Who: Everyone

Meeting minutes/notes: 

* Go over the features we want to implement

* Assign roles for the project

* Discuss Phase 1 and roughly go through it

* Divide work for Phase 1

The main focus of the meeting was to decide what we features we want to work on and what everyone is going to do for the project. We went through the list of use cases and selected the ones we wanted to focus on. The list is attached in the Arch.md. We split up to these groups:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Frontend</td>
    <td>Backend</td>
    <td>TDD/CI/PM</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>David</td>
    <td>Shubham</td>
    <td>Tenzin</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>John</td>
    <td>Shrey</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Rafael</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Wayne</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


After splitting, we divided the work for Phase 1.

When: February 15th 2017 @5pm

Where: Bahen

Who: Everyone

Meeting minutes/notes:

* Progress on P1

* How to split the microservices (one for postings and assignments, one for applications, and one for user authentication and serving static files)

* How to authenticate TA coord and students 

The main goal for this meeting was to finalize some details for the backend and figure out what needs to be done for P1.

**Shared Documents**

Google Doc:

[https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B1iTTVls4U2-UHJnWHEwdDNEUzA](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B1iTTVls4U2-UHJnWHEwdDNEUzA) 

Github:

[https://github.com/csc302-2017-spring/proj-Awol](https://github.com/csc302-2017-spring/proj-Awol) 

**Future Meetings**

Every Wednesday @5pm at Bahen.

**Strategy**

Frontend - "applicant": Wayne

Frontend - "TA-COORD": John, Rafael

Frontend - Design: David

Backend: Shubham, Shrey

TDD/CI/PM: Tenzin

All shared documents will be accessed through the Google Folder/Facebook/Github.

We plan on following the Agile principles for our project. We believe for this project, we agree with the principles and could help us achieve each phase.

**Github**

We will be using two separate git repositories. First will be for the "applicants" side and the second will be the “TA-coord” side. We will be using branches and peer reviewing our code before committing to the main. Once a team member PR, they will notify their smaller group members to review. Once it’s approved, we will push it to main and notify the full team. 

**Messaging**

We plan on using Facebook messengers for communication. We have a group chat for the whole team and there will be smaller group chats for each area (ex. Frontend, Backend).

**Progress**

We have a PM to keep us on track. Working in a smaller group, we will keep a tab on each other. As the whole group together, we will keep track our goals are met.

